gh-115154: Fix untokenize handling of unicode named literals (#115171)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-02-08-16-01-18.gh-issue-115154.ji96FV.rst

> Fix a bug that was causing the :func:`tokenize.untokenize` function to not
> handle correctly unicode named literals. Patch by Pablo Galindo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug that was causing the :func:`tokenize.untokenize` function to
handle unicode named literals incorrectly. Patch by Pablo Galindo
```
